# <center>Basic Concepts of Artificial Intelligence

### <center>What is Machine Learning?

---

(image)

---

#### *Introduction*

> *{{ topic_9|safe }}*

---

> __Module ONE__
>
> >+ Supervised Learning: Trains models on labeled data to predict or classify new, unseen data.
> >+ Unsupervised Learning: Finds patterns or groups in unlabeled data, like clustering or dimensionality reduction.
> >+ Reinforcement Learning: Learns through trial and error to maximize rewards, ideal for decision-making tasks.
> >+ In addition, these categories, there are also Semi-Supervised Learning and Self-Supervised Learning.
> >+ Semi-Supervised Learning uses a mix of labeled and unlabeled data, making it helpful when labeling data is costly or time-consuming.
> >+ Self-Supervised Learning creates its own labels from raw data, allowing it to learn patterns without needing labeled examples.

*Machine Learning Pipeline*

*{{ topic_10|safe }}*

+ ML workflow
+ Data Cleaning
+ Feature Scaling
+ Data Preprocessing in Python

---

> __Module TWO__
>
> *What is Supervised Machine Learning?*
> 
> *{{ topic_11|safe }}*
>
> *What is Unsupervised Learning?*
> 
> *{{ topic_12|safe }}*
> 
> The image below, shows set of animals: elephants, camels, and cows that represents raw data that the unsupervised learning algorithm will process.
>
>(image)
>
> The “Interpretation” stage signifies that the algorithm doesn’t have predefined labels or categories for the data. It needs to figure out how to group or organize the data based on inherent patterns.
Algorithm represents the core of unsupervised learning process using techniques like clustering, dimensionality reduction, or anomaly detection to identify patterns and structures in the data.
Processing stage shows the algorithm working on the data.
> 
> The output shows the results of the unsupervised learning process. In this case, the algorithm might have grouped the animals into clusters based on their species (elephants, camels, cows).
---

> __Module THREE__
>
> > *What is Reinforcement Learning?*
> 
> *{{ topic_13|safe }}*
> 
> (imagem)
> 
> *{{ topic_14|safe }}*
> 
> + __Agent__: The decision-maker that performs actions.
> + __Environment__: The world or system in which the agent operates.
> + __State__: The situation or condition the agent is currently in.
> + __Action__: The possible moves or decisions the agent can make.
> + __Reward__: The feedback or result from the environment based on the agent’s action.

---

> __Module FOUR__
>
>Features of Machine Learning
> 
> Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
It is similar to data mining, as both deal with substantial amounts of data.
For large organizations, branding is crucial, and targeting a relatable customer base becomes easier.
Given a dataset, ML can detect various patterns in the data.
Machines can learn from past data and automatically improve their performance.
Machine learning is a data-driven technology. A large amount of data is generated by organizations daily, enabling them to identify notable relationships and make better decisions.

---

(example)

---

<div>
    <center><form action="{{ url_for('page_3_5') }}" method="get">
        <button type="submit">Go to Third topic</button>
    </form>
</div>

---

<a href="/page_3_3">BACK</a>